Add a merge strategy extension point for the YAML config (#1218)
jenkinsci/configuration-as-code-plugin: docs/features/mergeStrategy.md

# Merge Strategy

It's possible to load multiple config files. CasC can load YAML files from a directory.
And it's convenient to maintain if we split different parts of Jenkins into multiple files.

## Supported strategies

> * [IrreconcilableMergeStrategy](../../plugin/src/main/java/io/jenkins/plugins/casc/yaml/ErrorOnConflictMergeStrategy.java) (default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ErrorOnConflictMergeStrategy](../../plugin/src/main/java/io/jenkins/plugins/casc/yaml/ErrorOnConflictMergeStrategy.java) (default)
```

# Merge Strategy

It's possible to load multiple config files. CasC can load YAML files from a directory.
And it's convenient to maintain if we split different parts of Jenkins into multiple files.

> ## Support strategies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Supported strategies
```

> * [IrreconcilableMergeStrategy]((../../plugin/src/main/java/io/jenkins/plugins/casc/yaml/IrreconcilableMergeStrategy.java)) (default)

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we just match the class name to the subtracting mergestrategy?

so the class should be called `ErrorOnConflictMergeStrategy`

Author: Sure.

    * The strategy name is `errorOnConflict`.

>     * Throw an exception if there's a conflict exist in multiple YAML files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Throws an exception if there's a conflict exist in multiple YAML files.
```

* [OverrideMergeStrategy](../../plugin/src/main/java/io/jenkins/plugins/casc/yaml/OverrideMergeStrategy.java)
    * The strategy name is `override`
    * Override the config files according to the loading order.
    
## Use cases

> You can provide two YAML config files. They can be system and user config files. Then allow users to change the users' part.
> So, the users' config file can override the system one.

Reviewer 2: maybe?
```suggestion
You can provide two YAML config files. They can be system and user config files. Then allow users to change their file and override the system configuration.
```
